(Actions) Add Python expressions support for workflow automation (#34148)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/actions/workflows/expressions/javascript.md

- In a new workflow, click **Add step** and search for `expression`. Select the **Expression** action to add it to your workflow.
- In an existing workflow, click **+** and search for `expression`. Select the **Expression** action to add it to your workflow.

> In an expression step, execution uses _copies_ of all available variables. Mutating a variable within a step has no effect on the variable's value outside of the step. To assign the result of an expression to a variable, see [Set variables][2].

Reviewer: The link's target is no longer called "Set variables," and the URL is also outdated (see below). This is a pre-existing issue, not related to the changes in your PR, but this is a good opportunity to fix it.
```suggestion
In an expression step, execution uses _copies_ of all available variables. Mutating a variable within a step has no effect on the variable's value outside of the step. To assign the result of an expression to a variable, see [Variables and parameters][2].
```
